welcome back to Charles fuchsia member
of the sky challenges we are now in the
substantive substratum subset them
subscribe touchdown travel where it's a
heart this substrate them this the first
challenge is penguin dive just want to
write that your point just want your
body up here this will activate this
penguin come on down and you can show
him but he's hidden left and right just
hey to go left left left at this one
really hit right and right against and
get into this hit left left right center
and I mean dad I got time I second try
it's not too bad it just takes a short
bit of time next challenge is
color-coded break the color code on door
X so right at the beginning of the map
you want to just kind of take a pause
and look at these colors will write on
here little bounce around a little bit
but then it'll come up as green red red
blue red red so you get further onto the
map and you're gonna see these weird
platforms that every time you hit them
they change the color so you have to
make sure that when you hit it is get
away under our color so if the first
ones can be green so you don't hit the
next checkpoint until it's right so this
one's green so we have to hit it again
to make it red so you can reset and
it'll stay green and you'll have a
chance to change the red now for these
next two this is very important you have
to hit these second one first and you
can't land on it you have to Balt your
body onto it so just got to like one of
those they had to change it so that
one's blue so this one has to be red
like so and then this one have like so
and then this one has to be blue and
once you got that you hit the checkpoint
you'll be safe so for the final one
watch out right here you have to
actually fall through body and you'll
have to reset that one beforehand to
make sure it's red so don't land on that
one right away make sure it's the
correct color
I do believe all the cause of the same
then do everything correct you get to
end up and we twist the room with the
paint yeah so that was color coded the
final one we have is sunny-side up this
one I just put on to cut out all you
have to do is just back right on up you
either do this the normal way
I actually just laid backwards in my bed
with my head on my pillow looking
backwards the TV and that allowed me to
see it right-side up and yeah this one's
honest so much the third challenge but
pretty simple pretty straightforward
just lie this entire level upside down
the control so they aren't inverted if
you look at it upside down I think it
was just turned TT upside down or set
upside down so yeah again I hope these
challenges are helping any comments
questions please post below
thanks again for watching